The text files here are generated by the program for persist the outcome of analysis, they are:

top_10_occupations.txt: Top 10 occupations for certified visa applications
top_10_states.txt: Top 10 states for certified visa applications
Each line holds one record and each field on each line is separated by a semicolon (;).

Each line of the top_10_occupations.txt file contain these fields in this order:

TOP_OCCUPATIONS: Use the occupation name associated with an application's Standard Occupational Classification (SOC) code
NUMBER_CERTIFIED_APPLICATIONS: Number of applications that have been certified for that occupation. An application is considered certified if it has a case status of Certified
PERCENTAGE: % of applications that have been certified for that occupation compared to total number of certified applications regardless of occupation.
The records in the file will be sorted by NUMBER_CERTIFIED_APPLICATIONS, and in case of a tie, alphabetically by TOP_OCCUPATIONS.

Each line of the top_10_states.txt file should contain these fields in this order:

TOP_STATES: State where the work will take place
NUMBER_CERTIFIED_APPLICATIONS: Number of applications that have been certified for work in that state. An application is considered certified if it has a case status of Certified
PERCENTAGE: % of applications that have been certified in that state compared to total number of certified applications regardless of state.
The records in this file will be sorted by NUMBER_CERTIFIED_APPLICATIONS field, and in case of a tie, alphabetically by TOP_STATES.

Depending on the input (e.g., see the example below), there may be fewer than 10 lines in each file. There, however, should not be more than 10 lines in each file. In case of ties, only list the top 10 based on the sorting instructions given above.

Percentages also should be rounded off to 1 decimal place. For instance, 1.05% should be rounded to 1.1% and 1.04% should be rounded to 1.0%. Also, 1% should be represented by 1.0%